[cleanup][doc] Merge the broker and proxy authentication configuration (#18343)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-overview.md

  - If a client supports authentication refreshing and the credential is expired, brokers send the `CommandAuthChallenge` command to exchange the authentication data with the client. If the next check finds that the previous authentication exchange has not been returned, brokers disconnect the client.
  - If a client does not support authentication refreshing and the credential is expired, brokers disconnect the client.

### Authentication data limitations on the proxies

> When you use proxies between clients and brokers, there are two authentication data, one from proxies, one from clients, brokers only authenticate proxies (known as **self-authentication**) by default. To forward the authentication data from clients to brokers for client authentication (known as **original authentication**).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use proxies between clients and brokers, there are two authentication data:
* authentication data from proxies that brokers only authenticate by default - known as **self-authentication**.
* authentication data from clients - known as **original authentication**. 
```
Is this what you mean?

Author: > * authentication data from clients - known as **original authentication**. 

To forward the authentication data from clients to brokers by the proxies (known as **original authentication**).

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion.

> **Important:** If your authentication data contains an expiration time, or your authorization provider depends on the authentication data, you must to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important:** If your authentication data contains an expiration time, or your authorization provider depends on the authentication data, you must:
```

> 1. Ensure your authentication data of proxies no expiration time, brokers don't support refreshing this authentication data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure your authentication data of proxies has no expiration time since brokers don't support refreshing this authentication data.
```
Is `brokers don't support refreshing this authentication data` the reason or something users need to ensure?

Author: This is a reason.

:::note

> Starting from 2.11.0, if you can configure [Mutual TLS](security-tls-transport.md) with any one of the above authentication providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from 2.11.0, you can configure [Mutual TLS](security-tls-transport.md) with any one of the above authentication providers.
```

Is this what you mean?

Author: Good catch!
